arikzil, lirang12
Ariel Zilbershtyein (315314799), Liran Golan (311121073)
EX: 2

FILES:
Thread.h      -- a class representing a thread
Thread.cpp    -- The implementation of Thread.h
Uthreads.h    -- A user thread librarry
Uthreads.cpp  -- The implementation of threads library
README        -- current file
MakeFile      -- the makefile of the project

REMARKS:
None
QUESTIONS:
1.Describe one general use of user-level threads and explain why user-level threads are a
  reasonable choice for your example.

2.Google’s Chrome browser creates a new process for each tab. What are the advantages and
  disadvantages of creating the new process (instead of creating kernel-level thread)?
  (2.5 pts)
3.Interrupts and signals:
a.  Open an application (for example, “Shotwell” on one of the CS computers). Use the “ps -A”
    command to extract the application’s pid (process ID).
b. Open a shell and type “kill pid”
c. Explain which interrupts and signals are involved during the command execution, what
   triggered them and who should handle them. In your answer refer to the keyboard, OS,
   shell and the application you just killed
4. What is the difference between ‘real’ and ‘virtual’ time? Give one example of using each (2.5 pts).
ANSWERS:
1.
    for example in a video player we have the main thread handling UI and playing the video is segments
    while having other threads downloading the segments from a remote server.
    Using multiple User-level threads are a reasonable choice unlike having only a single thread as they allow
    watching a movie while it is not fully loaded.
    Also as creating thread is faster then a process the total waiting time for the user is a lot shorter ,
    when using threads and not process to handle multiple tasks.
2.
   Advantages:
   The executing operating in one tab would not cause disruption to the performance of other tabs.
   Also the communication is more secure.If for example a website will crash in one tab
   it would not happen in the second one.

   Disadvantages:
   The time it takes to switch from one running thread to another is long.
   Also it can be not efficient as same sources can be loaded multiple times

3.
    After writting "kill <pid>" and pressing enter in the terminal hardware interrupts are sents to the cpu with the
    appropriate key code (by the keyboard use) .
    Then, the linux shell makes a system call to the process with the SIGTERM signal.
    This means that a specific signal is captured by a process and the process quits unconditionally.

4.  virtual time -
    the time spent by the process in user mode measured by the CPU.
    For example:
    when a certain process has 2 threads.virtual time can be used to measured how long one of the threads
    was executing.As executing threads  can change the time in the real world is different than the one
    measured by the runtime of the thread.
    time a process has been running (by the amount of time
    real time - the actual elapsed time.
    For example:on the windows operating systems real time is used to schedule     system update alerts
